# Stock Analysis Using Excel
## Project Overview
Demonstration the use of Excel Macros to analyze Spreadsheets and how to make the coding more efficient.
## Purpose
Data was provided for twelve (12) different stocks, on their performance over a duration of 2 years. The amount of volume traded, how high each stock at the beginning of trading days, lows, and what price they closed at. Steve is to provide his parents with information that is easily understood that will enable them to make good investments in whatever stocks they decided to trade. The use of VBA will allow Steve to automate these large spreadsheets which will reduce the chance of errors and analyze them more quickly.
## Analysis and Challenges
Putting together the correct Conditionals that will enable the code to run accurately prove to one the more challenging part in this module.  The use for loops had its fair share of difficulties, at times the iteration of the loops included information in the output that was not apart of the analysis. When the Sub Macros fail to run, debugging has it issue since a misspell of variable, use of the incorrect functions in Excel and punctuations omitted from the coding.  Refactoring the code as expected by far the most difficult in the module, but it did reinforce how much logical and sequential thinking that is required to format for the VBA Challenge. 
## Results of the VBA Challenge
Separating each iteration that was done in refactoring the Module 2 solution, proved to be almost ten times faster than was demonstrated in Modules. This shows by taking fewer steps, using less memory the processor will be more efficient if the spreadsheet was much larger than what was used in Module 2. Screenshots provided in the Resources folder demonstrated how more effective to use separate loops as oppose to nested loops.
